Pauline Beck:
I'm a home healthcare worker.
I care for elderly,
the handicap.
I just got caught up into really
helping and caring for people.
The jobs didn't pay much, but it
was just such a satisfaction to
help someone that needed help.
♪♪(music playing)♪♪
I am going to Washington, D.C.
to be with the President,
stand by his side to give
the homecare workers a level
playing field.
♪♪(music playing)♪♪
Johnny:
When you're unable to go and do
your shopping like you used to
do, and do all the other things
-- the traditional holidays,
be able to climb
up and down stairs --
I cannot do that myself anymore.
And I think it's so important
that we have people who have the
compassion in their hearts to at
least take the time to listen to
something that every human
being deserves to have.
♪♪(music playing)♪♪
Pauline Beck:
I showed him what my daily life
was like as a homecare worker.
I still remember it like
it happened yesterday.
This photo here is where he's
actually setting the breakfast.
Yeah, he was just
a coworker then.
I think that he really
kept his promise to me,
because he promised he was going
to do everything he can to help
me out, and he asked me about
my concerns and my feelings,
and he did it; he kept it.
♪♪(music playing)♪♪
I do this type of work because
I have a compassion for people.
That's a human being, it's a
life, and I just care about it.
♪♪(music playing)♪♪